The origin of Tianyi religion is quite deep
Even my armed monster has to give him three points of thin noodles
You go to Tianyi Teacher Ancestor
Then you will only die
What is Master Hongyuan?
Mom, I beg you to save Mr. Zhang
He risked his own death.
I'm not kicking him out of this auction
It's been extraordinarily benevolent
What else do you want?
Do it yourself
Old Taijun Qin
You'd better take down your purple gold gourd quickly.
Heal your girl
Ah yes yes yes
Or is my daughter's life more important?
I'll turn on the carrot and wait for the whistle to recover.
I will definitely give this pair of purple plum blossoms to his mother
Sister, I'm afraid.
Jing'er is good and not afraid
I'll eat the magic pill for you
Hahahaha hey
Zhang Shoucheng, what are you doing? This gourd can't be opened.
There is a thousand-year-old fox demon in it
Released will endanger one side of the people
Can you afford this responsibility?
I can handle it.
Can you afford to delay my daughter's life?
Zhang Shoucheng, you blocked it again and again
Do you think your ability is not enough?
What could go wrong with Daochang Sun?
Mr. Zhang, please don't stop me
Maybe the medicine in this gourd can really save us
Well since you don't believe it
I'll open it up so you can see if it's real or not.
Ah, put down the three thousand years of this purple-gold gourd
I'm finally out.
Hey, fox demon
There really is a fox demon
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
The monk with practice just killed you
Consolidate your cultivation with your heart